docs: add description for parameter `mkfsParams` of storage class (#626)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.4.0/volumes-and-nodes/create-volumes.md

    #  ]'
    ```

>     In particular, starting with v1.4.0, the parameter `mkfsParams` can be used to specify filesystem format options for each StorageClass.

Reviewer: `v1.4.0` hard code, the same.

Author: At first I wanted to make it a dynamic value.

But this parameter is added since 1.4.0, if it is a dynamic value, when switching to a future version (e.g., `v1.4.1`), it will be considered that the parameter was added in this version. 

Therefore, I hard code the version number as `v1.4.0` at first.

Reviewer: ah, you are right. Sorry for being confused by this. :+1:

>     In particular, starting with v1.4.0, the parameter `mkfsParams` can be used to specify filesystem format options for each StorageClass and the options will override the global settings.

Reviewer: There are no `the global settings` to be overridden, right? I just removed that.

```suggestion
    In particular, starting with v{{< current-version >}}, the parameter `mkfsParams` can be used to specify filesystem format options for each StorageClass.
```

Reviewer: @weizhe0422 I didn't see you change this?
